Add usage documentation in README (#15)
gradle/gradle-client: README.md

This is a desktop application acting as a Gradle Tooling API client.

> ## Usage

Reviewer: 💭 Maybe a sentence or two at the top that describes what this project is for.

Reviewer: "This is a desktop application acting as a Gradle Tooling API client."

I don't think this is very descriptive or helpful.  What does it demonstrate?  Why does it use the TAPI?  Things like that.

Author: I added some words, PTAL

Reviewer: Looks good!

> You can download the latest version of _Gradle Client_ for macos, Linux or Windows from the [Releases](https://github.com/gradle/gradle-client/releases) assets.

Reviewer: 💭 There aren't any releases here yet.

Author: Right. I just published the first release, PTAL.

> Once installed on your system, simply launch the application.

Reviewer: 💭 Installed?  This makes it sound like a much more heavyweight application.  This is just download and run.

Author: The binaries are respectively `dmg`, `deb` and `msi` files, so they need to be installed.

Reviewer: Oh, ok.  I just built and ran the project and didn't notice that.

### Adding a build

> The first screen shown by the _Gradle Client_ allows you to add local Gradle builds you want to interact with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first screen shown by the _Gradle Client_ allows you to add local Gradle builds to explore.
```

**Projects Model**

* Informs about the projects of the Gradle build.
* Fetches the [ProjectModel](https://docs.gradle.org/current/javadoc/org/gradle/tooling/model/ProjectModel.html) Tooling API model.
* This action requires the completion of the [configuration phase](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/build_lifecycle.html#sec:configuration) of the build.
* All subprojects of the build are configured.

**Declarative Schema** (_Only for builds using [Declarative Gradle](https://declarative.gradle.org/)_)

* Informs about the schema of the available _Software Types_.
* Fetches the [DeclarativeSchemaModel](https://github.com/gradle/gradle/blob/10b91d86d67226538bd721a2ee2aefb5233947d5/platforms/core-configuration/declarative-dsl-tooling-models/src/main/java/org/gradle/declarative/dsl/tooling/models/DeclarativeSchemaModel.java#L22) Tooling API model.
* This action requires the completion of the [initialization phase](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/build_lifecycle.html#sec:initialization) of the build.
* No subprojects of the build are configured.

**Declarative Documents** (_Only for builds using [Declarative Gradle](https://declarative.gradle.org/)_)

> * Informs about the declarative build definition and allows to trigger mutations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Informs about the declarative build definition and allows triggering mutations.
```
